COMPanion Coding Problem 2025 Summary
Mack Muir-Jeffryes
January 29th, 2025

* Write a clear summary of what you understand from it and any omissions, ambiguities or contradictions

* Write a short, clear summary of the points you understand from the specification. Also describe any 
  flaws you might find in the specification. Include this in the final folder as a text file.

Reading the specifications of this coding assignment for the first time, it was clear
that we needed to create a class that provided functionalities for all steps included.
Sticking to object oriented principles, I created both a cpp and header file named 
'fileReader', which, after implementation, would be called in our main.cpp file to
perform the tasks of parsing our file data.

Now that I understood the layout of the project, my next step was to understand
the nuance of the methods that I wanted to write. However, a few things weren't clear
to me from the instructions. Those questions included: 

- How do we define a token? Is punctuation included? Are'hello' and 'hello!' duplicate occurrences?
- Is a "repeated character" two characters contiguous in memory that are equal or is it the 
summation of any equal characters in the entire string? 
- What will be the context of the program's applications?

Due to the prompt's intentional ambiguity, I chose to answer these questions based on my own
definitions. First, I defined a token as being "a series of characters delimited by either a space
or a newline." This allowed me to parse the data appropriately according to this definition, with 
words like 'hello' and 'hello!' being distinct tokens. Next, I believed that it made more sense for
a repeated character to be the total frequency of each unique character in the token. Finally, although
the fileReader was being created to perform to certain specifications, I wanted to use a varying
degree of encapsulation that might allow those who wanted to use the fileReader class for purposes
outside of this assignment to do so. 